Update pd-recover docs (#3281)
pingcap/docs: pd-recover.md

# PD Recover User Guide

PD Recover is a disaster recovery tool of PD, used to recover the PD cluster which cannot start or provide services normally.

## Compile from source code

1. [Go](https://golang.org/) Version 1.13 or later because the Go modules are used.
2. In the root directory of the [PD project](https://github.com/pingcap/pd), use the `make pd-recover` command to compile and generate `bin/pd-recover`

> **Note:**
>

> > Generally, you don't need to compile source code as the PD Control tool already exists in the released Binary or Docker. However, dev users can refer to the above instruction for compiling source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Generally, you do not need to compile source code because the PD Control tool already exists in the released Binary or Docker. However, developer users can refer to the above instruction for compiling source code.
```

## Download TiDB installation package

> If you want to download the latest version of `pd-recover`, directly download the TiDB package, because `pd-recover` is included in the TiDB package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download the latest version of PD Recover, directly download the TiDB package, because PD Recover is included in the TiDB package.
```

> | Package download link | OS | Architecture | SHA256 checksum |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Package name | OS | Architecture | SHA256 checksum |
```

Author: I think the download link is better?

Reviewer: I agree with you, but the [download](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/download-ecosystem-tools#download) page on PingCAP website uses `Package name`. For consistency, I think it would be better to use `Package name`.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41534398/87656116-a6244d80-c78b-11ea-977d-0c3a88742d08.png)

Author: updated

|:---|:---|:---|:---|

> | `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz` (pd-recover) | Linux | amd64 | `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-{version}-linux-amd64.sha256` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz` (pd-recover) | Linux | amd64 | `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-{version}-linux-amd64.sha256` |

```

#### Get cluster ID from PD log (recommended)

To get the cluster ID from the PD log, run the following command:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```bash
cat {{/path/to}}/pd.log | grep "init cluster id"
```

```bash
[2019/10/14 10:35:38.880 +00:00] [INFO] [server.go:212] ["init cluster id"] [cluster-id=6747551640615446306]
...
```

#### Get cluster ID from TiDB log

To get the cluster ID from the TiDB log, run the following command:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```bash
cat {{/path/to}}/tidb.log | grep "init cluster id"
```

```bash
2019/10/14 19:23:04.688 client.go:161: [info] [pd] init cluster id 6747551640615446306
...
```

#### Get cluster ID from TiKV log

To get the cluster ID from the TiKV log, run the following command:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```bash
cat {{/path/to}}/tikv.log | grep "connect to PD cluster"
```

```bash
[2019/10/14 07:06:35.278 +00:00] [INFO] [tikv-server.rs:464] ["connect to PD cluster 6747551640615446306"]
...
```

### Get allocated ID

The allocated ID value you specify must be larger than the currently largest allocated ID value. To get allocated ID, you can either get it from the monitor, or view the log directly on the server.

> #### Get `allocate` ID from the monitor (recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Get allocated ID from the monitor (recommended)
```
